http://www.everydaymaven.com/2017/safer-beauty-products/DISH: Safer Beauty Productshttp://www.everydaymaven.com/2017/chicken-meatballs-with-pesto-butternut-squash-noodles/DISH: Chicken Meatballs with Pesto Butternut Squash Noodles1 1/4 pounds butternut squash noodlesextra virgin olive oilkosher saltfreshly ground black pepper1 pound New Seasons Basil Chicken Sausage (see NOTES for substitution)1/2 pound grape or cherry tomatoes, halvedfresh parsley or basil for servingPreheat the oven to 425F. Grab two baking sheets and lightly spray with olive oil.Toss butternut squash noodles with a pinch of salt, black pepper and a few sprays of olive oil. Spread out on baking sheet and set aside.Divide Basil Chicken Sausage into 8 evenly sized meatballs. Roll and place on lightly oiled baking sheet.Place both baking sheets in the oven and bake for 20 minutes or until butternut squash noodles are tender and meatballs are cooked through.Toss noodles with halved tomatoes and pesto. Serve topped with two meatballs and some fresh parsley or chopped basil and Enjoy!http://www.everydaymaven.com/2017/cajun-smoked-chicken/DISH: Cajun Smoked Chicken1 (4 1/2 to 5 pound) whole chicken, spatchcocked Kitchen Shears  Apple wood chips  Digital Electric Smoker Begin by grabbing the whole chicken, kitchen shears, paper towels and spice rub.Turn chicken over so breast side is down. Use kitchen shears to cut along each side of spine to remove backbone. Reserve backbone for making broth or stock.Turn chicken back over so that breast-side is up and press breasts until you hear wishbone crack so that the chicken is flat. Turn legs in.Use paper towels to blot the chicken dry.Grab a large handful of cajun spice mix and spread onto both sides of chicken until well coated. For reference, I used a small jar of Black Magic (which is a little over 1oz) and used about half of the jar.Place spiced chicken, breast side up, on smoker cooking rack. Insert thermometer into thickest part of chicken, taking care not to touch bone, and set inside of smoker.Fill wood chip holder with apple wood chips.Fill water container with water. Close door, lock and set to 165F. Cooking time is approximately 20 to 30 minutes per pound.Cook undisturbed until temperature alarm beeps on remote. Remove, allow to rest for 15 to 20 minutes. Slice, serve and Enjoy!http://www.everydaymaven.com/2017/old-school-ice-cream-cake/DISH: Old School Ice Cream Cake with Cookie Crumble4 quarts ice cream (see NOTES), softened1 package gluten free oreo style cookies, creamy middles discarded and cookies crushedwhipped cream1 pint heavy whipping cream1/4 cup organic sugar1 teaspoon pure vanilla extractpinch finely ground sea saltsaran wrapparchment paperlarge stainless steel bowlcake stand or serving plate that is freezer safeBegin by separating the cookies from the creamy insides and discard.Place cookies in a gallon size ziploc bag and seal - leaving a nice pocket of air. Use a rolling pin to crush the cookies. You want them to be crushed but not powdery.This is a good final consistency. NOTE: I do NOT recommend using a food processor to crush the cookies as they wind up becoming too powdery, which makes the ice cream layers separate.Next, set your ice cream on the counter and allow to soften for 10 to 15 minutes. While the ice cream is out, line two 9" round cake pans with saran wrap and then parchment paper. The saran wrap is my secret weapon to make the cake release without having to use a springform pan. The saran creates a slippery layer between the cake pan and the parchment and the solid ice cream cake layer slides right out!Dump 2 quarts of softened ice cream into each round cake pan. Use a spatula to spread out until smooth and even.Use half of the crushed cookies to top one of the cake layers, slightly pressing to make sure the cookies are not just sitting on top of the softened ice cream. Leave the other cake layer plain. Reserve the other half of the cookies to decorate the outside.Immediately place both cake pans flat in the freezer - do not set tilted - and freeze for 3 to 4 hours or until solid. This is also a great time to stick a large metal mixing bowl and the beaters from your hand mixer or stand mixer in the freezer. Leave them there until you are ready to make the homemade whipped cream.When you are ready to assemble the cake, start by making whipped cream. Pull mixing bowl and beaters from freezer. Pour whipping cream, sugar, vanilla and salt into chilled mixing bowl. Start on low and quickly increase to a medium high mixing speed and continue to beat the cream until firm peaks begin to form, total time about 7 to 9 minutes. Set aside in the fridge for the next few minutes while you layer the cake.Grab a cake plate or other serving plate. I like to place strips of parchment paper on the plate that I can later slide out and help keep the plate clean as I am decorating the cake. NOTE: the glass and vanilla in the picture are just to hold down the parchment until I am ready to put the cake on it.Lift the cookie-topped cake layer out of the cake pan. Set on the counter and gently peel off the parchment paper. This layer is the "bottom" of the cake and should be placed on the cake plate first.Next, repeat with the plain layer. Gently flip this layer onto the cookie layer so that the cookies are now effectively in the middle of the cake and the flat bottom side is now on the top.Grab the whipped cream and begin "frosting" the cake using either a spatula or an off-set spatula. I suggest working quickly so the layers do not melt too much and change shape.Finally, finish by pressing the remaining cookie crumbles onto the sides of the cake. Slide the parchment pieces out from underneath the cake and place into the freezer (flat!) for 12 to 24 hours until ready to serve.When ready to serve, allow cake to sit at room temperature for 5 minutes to make easier to cut. Use a sharp knife to cut into 12 or 16 pieces, serve immediately and Enjoy!http://www.everydaymaven.com/2017/instant-pot-red-lentil-soup-with-butternut-squash/DISH: Instant Pot Red Lentil Soup with Butternut Squash2 T extra virgin olive oil1 large yellow onion, diced1 1/2 T curry powder2 teaspoons kosher salt (see NOTES)1/4 teaspoon ground white pepper1 star anise3 whole cardamom pods, cracked1 pound cubed butternut squash8 cups vegetable broth1 (15 ounce) can tomato sauce1 T Frank's Red Hot Original hot sauce1 1/2 cups red lentils, rinsedfresh parsley, chopped for toppingGreek yogurt (optional) for toppingTurn on Instant Pot and use "Saute" feature to heat the insert. Once hot, add olive oil and diced onion. Cook for 4 to 5 minutes, stirring frequently, until onions begin to soften and are aromatic.Add curry powder, salt, white pepper, star anise and cardamom pods. Stir to coat onions, cook for 30 to 45 seconds, stirring constantly.Add cubed butternut squash, stir to coat and add broth, tomato sauce and hot sauce.Add rinsed red lentils. Place lid on and make sure vent is set to "sealed".Set to manual high pressure for 12 minutes.I highly suggest using a natural pressure release. If you do not want to wait, allow it to rest for at least 10 to 15 minutes and then slowly begin manually releasing pressure.Serve topped with chopped parsley and Greek yogurt and Enjoy!http://www.everydaymaven.com/2017/vegetarian-fajita-frittata/DISH: Vegetarian Fajita Frittata10 large eggs, beaten2 teaspoons taco seasoningpinch salt2 T avocado oil1 extra large onion, peeled, halved and cut into 1" thick strips2 bell peppers, any colors, seeded and cut into 1/2" thick strips pickled jalapeno fresh cilantro pico de gallo http://www.everydaymaven.com/2017/socca-flatbread-with-pesto-chicken-sausage-and-roasted-peppers/DISH: Socca Flatbread with Pesto, Chicken Sausage and Roasted Peppers1 Spicy Italian Chicken Sausage Link, thinly sliced and cooked1/4 cup roasted peppers, drained and thinly slicedhttp://www.everydaymaven.com/2017/how-to-make-socca-grain-and-gluten-free-chickpea-flatbread/DISH: How To Make Socca: Grain and Gluten Free Chickpea Flatbread1 cup warm water2 T extra virgin olive oil plus more for cooking1 teaspoon smoked paprika3/4 teaspoon kosher salt1/4 teaspoon ground cuminCombine all ingredients in a mixing bowl and whisk until well mixed.Preheat oven to broil. Place a 12" cast iron pan on middle rack while oven preheats.Once oven reaches temperature, use oven mitts to carefully remove HOT cast iron pan to stove-top.Add 1 to 2 teaspoons of olive oil and swirl to coat.Pour half of the Socca batter into the pan and swirl to evenly coat.Place pan back into oven and broil 3 to 4 minutes or until top is starting to brown.Remove, flip and broil for an additional 1 to 2 minutes (only if you want it extra crispy).Transfer to a cooling rack or serve immediately and Enjoy! See NOTES for serving ideas.http://www.everydaymaven.com/2017/instant-pot-hummus/DISH: Instant Pot Hummus12 cups filtered water3 cups cooked garbanzo beans, still warm1/2 cup warm bean cooking liquid2 medium cloves garlicjuice from 1 large lemon1 teaspoons kosher salt1/2 teaspoon ground cumin1/4 teaspoon smoked paprika1/4 cup high quality extra virgin olive oilRinse garbanzo beans and discard any stones. Place in Instant Pot insert along with 12 cups of filtered water.Close lid, make sure vent is set to "sealed" and set Instant Pot to manual for 35 minutes.Allow Instant Pot to naturally release pressure when done (this can take up to 1/2 hour). If you are pressed for time, allow IP to release pressure naturally for at least 15 minutes and then do a slow quick pressure release.Carefully drain the beans, making sure to reserve the liquid!Transfer 3 cups of warm drained, cooked garbanzo beans to the bowl of food processor fitted with the chopping blade. Add all other ingredients EXCEPT olive oil.Process until smooth and slowly add the olive in through the tube, 1 T at a time.Hummus should be smooth, creamy and taste almost whipped.Serve topped with Za'atar, smoked paprika and a splash of olive oil and Enjoy!http://www.everydaymaven.com/2017/citrus-green-smoothie/DISH: Citrus Green Smoothie1 cup plain, unsweetened almond milk1/2" piece fresh ginger root, peeled1 teaspoon ground flax seedspinch finely ground sea salt1 ounce organic baby spinach1 medium navel orange, peeled1 ounce walnuts3 ounces frozen mango chunks1 Medjool date, pitted (optional for extra sweetness)Add all ingredients to your blender jar in the order listed. Blend until smooth and creamy. Serve immediately and Enjoy!http://www.everydaymaven.com/2017/sesame-chicken-skillet-with-spinach-and-onions/DISH: Sesame Chicken Skillet with Spinach and Onions4 T avocado oil, divided1 extra large yellow onion, halved and thinly sliced1 1/4 pounds skin-on chicken thighs, bones removed, fat trimmedkohser salt and freshly ground black pepper1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric1/4 pound organic baby spinach, roughly chopped1" piece ginger root, peeled and finely chopped3 T coconut aminos + 1 T cold water1 1/2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil1 teaspoon toasted sesame seedsPeel onion, cut in half and thinly slice.Use a kitchen shears to remove any chicken fat or skin that is hanging over the thigh meat.Flip chicken thighs over, skin side down, and use kitchen shears to gently cut thigh bone out to remove it. Make sure to remove any cartilage as well (You can save these bones to make stock).Generously spinkle each chicken thigh (both sides) with salt and pepper.Finally, sprinkle each side with the ground turmeric and rub in to disperse.Roughly chop baby spinach.Peel ginger and finely chop.Heat a 12" cast iron pan over medium high heat. Once hot, add 2 T of avocado oil and then sliced onions along with a pinch of salt and pepper. Saute for 7 to 8 minutes, stirring occasionally, until soft and edges are beginning to brown.https://www.everydaymaven.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/IMG_3122.jpgRemove onions to a bowl and add remaining 2 T of avocado oil to pan, reduce heat to medium. Add chicken thighs, skin side down and cook on each side 7 to 8 minutes.Remove chicken thighs to a dish. Return onions to pan along with spinach, ginger, coconut aminos and water. Mix until well combined and coconut aminos are beginning to bubble, about 1 minute.Return chicken to pan and coat with sauce and onion mixture. Cook an additional 5 minutes or until chicken is cooked through.Top with toasted sesame oil and toasted sesame seeds. Serve and Enjoy!http://www.everydaymaven.com/2017/turmeric-cauliflower-rice-with-coconut/DISH: Turmeric Cauliflower Rice with Coconut2 T organic virgin coconut oil1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric12 ounces frozen riced cauliflower1/2 teaspoon kosher salt1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper2 T unsweetened shaved coconut flakesfresh cilantro or parsley, chopped for serving (optional)Heat a large frying pan over medium heat. Once hot, add coconut oil and then ground turmeric.Heat turmeric for 30 to 45 seconds, stirring constantly, until fragrant.Add frozen cauliflower rice. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes until soft.Add salt, pepper and coconut flakes. Toss until well mixed.Continue cooking an additional 2 to 3 minutes until warmed through. Taste and adjust seasoning if necessary. Serve topped with chopped cilantro or parsley and Enjoy!http://www.everydaymaven.com/2017/how-to-make-perfect-rice-in-the-instant-pot/DISH: How To Make Perfect Rice in the Instant Pot Instant Pot OR other Electric Pressure Cooker 3 cups organic white rice, rinses until water runs clear (see NOTES for tips on rice variety)3 cups filtered cold water1 T avocado oil1 star anise3 whole cardamom pods, cracked1 teaspoon kosher salt1/4 teaspoon ground white pepperRinse rice until water runs clear.Place rinsed rice into Instant Pot vessel and add filtered water, oil and spices. Stir to mix.Lock lid and make sure pressure cooker vent is set to "SEALED".Use "RICE" button or set to manual pressure for 12 minutes.Once done, allow to depressurize using the natural pressure release.If you are in a rush and want to do a manual pressure release, let it sit for at least 5 minutes first.Fluff rice with a fork, serve and Enjoy!Once cool, freeze for later.http://www.everydaymaven.com/2017/shrimp-and-broccoli-stir-fry-in-ginger-sauce/DISH: Shrimp and Broccoli Stir Fry in Ginger Sauce1 cup broth, divided3 T coconut aminos (or 2 T gluten free Tamari)2 T coconut palm sugar1 T toasted sesame oil1 T Sriracha2" piece fresh ginger root, peeled and cut into thin matchstickspinch ground white pepper2 T arrowroot starch + 3 T cold water3 T avocado oil1 1/4 pounds sustainably raised and harvested shrimp, peeled, cleaned and split in half8 ounces mushrooms, cleaned and cut into quarters1 pound broccoli florets1/3 cup sliced water chestnuts (drained)2 to 3 green onions, thinly sliced, for garnishPeel ginger and cut into thin matchsticks - about 1/2" tall.Combine cut ginger with 1/2 cup of broth, coconut aminos, palm sugar, toasted sesame oil, Sriracha and ground white pepper. Mix well and set aside. Set aside remaining 1/2 cup of broth.In another small dish, combine arrowroot starch with warm water until dissolved and set aside.